There once was a omnipotent deity called **Errea**. They existed in a place outside of space and time. While bringing the universe into existence, the gods essence shattered into distinct pieces, called **facets**.  Each facete represents one aspect of existence.

Facets generally have no physical representation as they incorporate physical concepts. However, when making contact with people, they are able to manifest a representation of themselves in the recipients [[Mindscape]]. Facets exist outside of the boundaries of [[Planes]], as these are an aspect of reality originated in the gods.

Everything in existence was created by a facet at some point. Each creation is linked to this facet for as long as it exists. Facets can utilize this link to manipulate the object further when they desire to do so. 
## Gods and Life
During the **Fi Age**, the facets were not used to their powers yet and each one tried to dominate reality. This conflict lead to a standstill, as each facet was canceled out by the others. At some point, the facets started allying, they formed groups and alliances to increase their influence. This moment was the birth of planes. As multiple facets grouped up, they were able to manifest a plane, a dominion where the creating facets are dominant.

Planes and their facets are the foundation of the world as we know it today. Within their own plane, facets can utilize their respective powers freely. Influence of facets started to leak into different planes as alliances and relations between them changed, leading to a mix of them being present in each of the planes and the start of the **Second Age**. 

During the Second Age, the world as it is there today, was shaped. However, this was an empty world. It had mountains and rivers, but no life was present there yet. Creating living creatures was beyond the capabilities of a single facet. Many tried and created constructs of varying degrees of sentience in the process, but no attempt lead to life as we know it. After recognizing their inability to do so alone, the facets worked together and created the first ancestors of life. As this creation took the efforts of all facets, there are links of all facets found in each living creature.