A soul can only be created by two or more facets working in union. Souls contain all information that make living beings unique. This includes their personality, talents, interests, and even memories. It is also the root of a persons [[Aura]], marking the origin of their individual energy field. The resulting souls show clear engravings traceable to their facets.

Souls reside in the [[Planes|Spiritual Plane]] until they find a body they belong to. They show strong similarities to [[Vitalis]] deposits and can, as such, be manipulated and altered by strong forces.
### Cycle of Rebirth
Souls are not stable, while they are in the spiritual plane. They start to slowly disintegrate into energy again. When a soul is needed on the material plane (i.e. a child is born), a random one transcends the spiritual plane and ends up in the new life, where it fuels the new body's aura. While the soul resides on the spiritual plane, it stays sentient and can roam around in it, interacting with other souls present. During the transportation to the material plane, all prior memories of the soul are inhibited. This limit is lifted, once the bearing body dies.
### Demons
Souls are susceptible to manipulation via Vitalis currents. Also, they slowly decay in the spiritual plane. Usually, souls beyond a certain point of destruction dissolve into energy again. Once in a while though, damaged souls merge with each other out of fear of being destroyed.  The result of this process is a unnatural and twisted soul, referred to as a **Demon**. It consists of two or more intertwined minds, leading to a new personality that shows traits of all involved parts. 

Demon have a higher degree of freedom in the spiritual plane due to their higher than average amount of latent energy. They dissolve at a slower rate compared to regular souls, allowing them to sustain in that space longer. 